translated new files in categories section (#32)
ZupIT/opensource-tech-radar: content/en/categories/tools/visual-studio-code.md

type="post"
layout="details"
isNew="true"
description="Visual Studio Code is an open source, source code editor developed by Microsoft."
+++

{{% tabs/group %}}
  {{% tabs/item id="0" title="What is it?" content="<p>Visual Studio Code is an open source, source code editor developed by Microsoft.</p>" %}}
  

>   {{% tabs/item id="1" title="Why?" content="<p>The Beagle team uses it to edit the source code, mainly in the Beagle Web projects.</p>" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  {{% tabs/item id="1" title="How we use it?" content="<p>The Beagle team uses it to edit the source code, mainly in the Beagle Web projects.</p>" %}}
```
